# Writting

Directions： For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the saying The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.

## Mine

As we all know, many people desire to make the best preparations for tomorrow. There are many ways that differ from person to person.

It is recognized that the way people prepare for tomorrow can be divided into two general ways. The first is that they will make an accurate list of what they will do tomorrow. For example, many of them will arrange a flawless schedule for tomorrow, including time wasted in traffic jams. The second method is to do your best today. These people like to do things that they are wholly committed to. They buried themselves in the work in front of their eyes and ignored the unpredictable things. From the above examples, for. We can conclude that the second one is much better.

From my perspective, the best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. Today is what we can master.

## Reference

The Importance of Seizing the Moment

There is a famous saying that the best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. It tells us that a bright future is awaiting us only if we can seize the moment and try our utmost to achieve our goals.

Beyond doubt, without taking action right now, a goal is only a wish. Without each step you move, you can never ever touch your goal. For a college student daydreaming about scoring high in the CET-6 exam but making no efforts, failure is his only destiny. The same thing can be said of some grown-ups who aspire to gain fame and fortune but never bother to put their splendid plans right into action.

Therefore, we must keep in mind that every effort today paves your way forward. To pursue our dreams, it's imperative for us to move ourselves into immediate action and do our utmost. Only in this way can we fulfill our dreams.

## 话题词汇
```
take prompt action 立即采取行动
pursue one's dream 追逐梦想
ambitious dream 雄心勃勃的梦想
make the most of the present 充分利用现在
be prepared for the uncertain future 为不确定的将来做准备
plan for the future 为未来做规划
achieve/reach a goal 实现目标
```


# Translation
## 原文
《三国演义》写于14世纪，是中国著名的历史小说。这部文学作品以三国时期的历史为基础，描写了从二世纪下半叶到三世纪下半叶魏、蜀、吴之间的战争。小说描写了近千个人物和无数的历史事件。虽然这些人物和事件大多是基于真实的历史，但它们都不同程度地被浪漫化和戏剧化了。《三国演义》是一部公认的文学巨著。自出版以来，这部小说吸引了一代又一代的读者，对中国文化产生了广泛而持久的影响。
## Mine
The Romance of the Three Kingdoms is known as a historical story in China, written in the 14th century. Based on the history of the Three kingdoms' time, it describes the war between three countries named Wei, Su, and Wu from the last term in 2 entries to the last period in 8 entries. which draws an image of hundreds of characters and numerous historical events. Though most of them originate from actual history, they are modified with romance and drama to a different degree. It is acknowledged that the Romance of the Three Kingdoms is a literary masterpiece, which has hooked the eyes of readers from generation to generation since it came out and has had a profound and wide impact on Chinese culture.
## Reference
The Romance of the Three1. Kingdoms, which was written in the fourteenth century, is a famous historical novel in China. Set in the history of the Three Kingdoms period, this novel describes the war among the three kingdoms of Wei, Shu, and Wu from the second half of the second century to the second half of the third century. It depicts nearly a thousand characters and countless historical events. Although these characters and events are largely based on real history, they are romanticized and dramatized to varying degrees. The Romance of the Three Kingdoms is widely acknowledged to be a literary masterpiece. Since its publication, it has attracted generations of readers and also has exerted an extensive and lasting influence on Chinese culture.