# Writting
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the saying What is worth doing is worth doing well. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
## Mine
As it is known to all, there is a proverb that wealth of mind is the true wealth, which attaches critical weight to our mind.

So crucial is the tangible wealth that we can’t live without it. However, it is not until you have realized the importance of the knowledge that you will attain true wealth. For instance, in our daily lives, numerous individuals focus on how to make a living. ignoring the vital power of knowledge. Therefore, the more knowledge we have, the better life we will have. It means that learning is imperative as much as knowledge is a rational choice.

In conclusion, the wealth of our mind is the root of our best life. We are expected to study hard. Only in this way will we have a better future.
## Reference
What Is Worth Doing Is Worth Doing Well There is a famous saying, "What is worth doing is worth doing well", which means if you think something is worth doing, you should go all out to do it well.

First of all, on the issue of "what is worth doing", people are bound to have different views because they differ in their outlooks on life and values. As for me, if you believe that doing something will help you improve yourself to some extent, that's what's worth doing. Secondly, once you decide to do something, you should do it well. If you do things halfheartedly, not only will your chances of success be slim, but you won't have much sense of accomplishment even if you do succeed. Thirdly, doing things well is an attitude that contributes to our life development. Because once you make up your mind to get something done, you will try your best to acquire new knowledge, which will benefit you in the future even if you fail in the end.

Therefore, once you set out to do something, you should take it seriously, let alone something worth doing.


# Translation
## 原文
《水浒传》(WaterMargin)是中国文学四大经典小说之一。这部小说基于历史人物宋江及其伙伴反抗封建帝王的故事，数百年来一直深受中国读者的喜爱。

毫不夸张地说，几乎每个中国人都熟悉小说中的一些主要人物。这部小说中的精彩故事在茶馆、戏剧舞台、广播电视、电影屏幕和无数家庭中反复讲述。事实上，这部小说的影响已经远远超出了国界。越来越多的外国读者也感到这部小说里的故事生动感人趣味盎然。
## Mine
Journey to the West may be the most influential in Chinese literature of four classical novels, so it is also one which is a widely spread novels. This story describes a difficult experience when the famous mong Tang went to India to access Buddhist scripture through the western area of China with his three companions. Though its theme is Buddhism, this novel makes use of numerous folk stories and mysteries, creating many kinds of vivid characters and animal images. The most famous role among them is the Monkey king. The story about the fight between him and different devils is almost known to all Chinese children.
## Reference
Journey to the West is probably the most influential one of the four great classical novels of Chinese literature and certainly the best known abroad. The novel gives a depiction of the arduous journey of Hsuan-Tsang, a famous monk accompanied by his three followers making travel across the western region of China to India for Buddhist scriptures. Although the theme of the story is based on Buddhism, the novel employs numerous Chinese folk tales and myths, creating a variety of vivid images of characters and animal images. Among the images, the most famous one is the Monkey King, whose stories of fighting against various demons are almost well-known to every Chinese kid.